doc(dev-guide): Fix test Lint and add explanation (#3726)
rust-lang/rustup: doc/dev-guide/src/linting.md

# Linting

## Manual linting

When checking the codebase with [`clippy`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/clippy/index.html), it is recommended to use:

> `cargo +beta clippy --all --all-targets --all-features -- -D warnings`

Reviewer: Oops I missed this one:

``````suggestion
```console
$ cargo +beta clippy --all --all-targets --all-features -- -D warnings
```
``````

Author: oh nice thanks, i indeed thought about this not looking the best it could! Thanks for the solution!

# Linting

> ## Manual Linting

Reviewer: The key is to keep the style consistent with the rest of the Rustup documentation.
```suggestion
## Manual linting
```

> When checking the codebase with [`Clippy`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/clippy/index.html), one needs to use:

Reviewer: Use either a title-cased name without backticks, or a binary name within backticks. Also, I think the wording could be even gentler...
```suggestion
When checking the codebase with [`clippy`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/clippy/index.html), it is recommended to use:
```

```console

> $ cargo +beta clippy --all --all-targets --all-features -- -D warnings

Reviewer 2: I think we're now using `cargo clippy`, that is, not using the clippy from beta.

Reviewer: @djc Yup I somehow missed this one... My bad.
@vpochapuis After fixing this one this PR should be good to go.

Author: Ok!

I have also made related changes in `doc/dev-guide/src/coding-standards.md`

## Rust-Analyzer

> When using  [`Rust-Analyzer`](https://rust-analyzer.github.io/) integration in the IDE of your choice so that you can check lints live while editing the codebase, in order for it to correctly work its necessary to configure `rust-analyzer` settings. 
> 
> You will need to set the `rust-analyzer.cargo.features` configuration to `"all"` (Check the [`rust-analyzer` manual](https://rust-analyzer.github.io/manual.html) for further detail on how to configure it).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using  [`rust-analyzer`](https://rust-analyzer.github.io/) integration in the IDE of your choice, you might want to set the `rust-analyzer.cargo.features` configuration to `"all"` (check the [`rust-analyzer` manual](https://rust-analyzer.github.io/manual.html#configuration) for more details).
```

> ### VsCode/VsCodium setup

Reviewer: I guess this name is stylized like this...
```suggestion
### VSCode/VSCodium setup
```

Add 

```json
"rust-analyzer.cargo.features": "all":,
```

in your project at `.vscode/settings.json`

or

> to your global configuration `~/.config/Code/User/settings.json` (although you need to be aware that this will apply to all your Rust projects)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to your global configuration `~/.config/Code/User/settings.json` (although you need to be aware that this will apply to all your Rust projects).
```

> ## Rational

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Rationale
```

> `rustup` uses cargo [features](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/features.html) in order to setup [conditional compilation](https://doc.rust-lang.org/reference/conditional-compilation.html) for integration tests as the `#[cfg(test)]` is only available for unit tests. To this end, the `test` feature has been created, however it then needs to be activated in order for tests and linting to fully work. As a shortcut we then propose to activate all features, however if you encounter an issue you could try activating the `test` feature only. In which case you could set the `rust-analyzer.cargo.features` configuration to `["test"]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`rustup` uses cargo [features](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/features.html) in order to setup [conditional compilation](https://doc.rust-lang.org/reference/conditional-compilation.html) for integration tests as the `#[cfg(test)]` is only available for unit tests. To this end, the `test` feature has been created, however it then needs to be activated in order for tests and linting to fully work. As a shortcut we then propose to activate all features. However, if you encounter an issue, you could try activating only the `test` feature by setting the `rust-analyzer.cargo.features` configuration to `["test"]`.
```
